Eboni N. Grimes
Current Address: Fort Gordon • Augusta, GA 30909
                (762) 444-5065 • env.grimes@gmail.com

EDUCATION
Western Governors University, Expected July 2025 			               	              Salt Lake City, Utah
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology – Cloud Computing AWS & Azure Track; 4.0/4.0 GPA

Georgia Military College, May 2018 			               	                                              Augusta, Georgia
Associates of Science in Pre-Nursing – Summa Cum Laude
Minor General Studies

Relevant Coursework: AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, Azure Solutions Architect – Associate, Network Security, Information Security and Risk Management, Cyber Defense, Healthcare Information Management, Project Management, Scripting and Automation, Development and Operations

INDUSTRY CERTIFICATIONS
• CompTIA A+ • AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner 

SKILLS AND SOFTWARE PROFICIENCIES
   Microsoft Office Suite • Cloud Computing • Data Management • SQL • Conflict Resolution Skills • Jira • Python • Network 7 Cloud Security • Active Directory • Operating Systems: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android • Health Information Management •CRM & CDP (Customer Data Platform) Management •AI • Ability to Obtain and Maintain Government Clearance

OBJECTIVE SUMMARY
   Results-driven and highly skilled professional with a decade of exceptional healthcare experience in the Army Medical Specialist Corps, complemented by roles as a former COTA, EMT, and BLS Instructor, as well as expertise in software implementation from Accenture Technology. My background in healthcare, coupled with business analytics acumen, uniquely positions me to adeptly address multifaceted operational challenges associated with implementations. In parallel to my healthcare journey, I have pursued specialized technical training and am currently pursuing a college education with a focus on cloud computing, honing my project management skills and enabling effective collaboration with clients. Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePoint, I translate thoughts, ideas, and solutions into impactful written and oral communications. As an entry-level information technology professional, I possess essential proficiencies in network engineering, deployment, and maintenance. I am eager to embrace a new opportunity in the technology field, leveraging my existing skills while cultivating new ones, including managing, and troubleshooting complex systems and implementing robust security measures. My ability to collaborate seamlessly with cross-functional teams and offer technical guidance to non-technical stakeholders underpins my value as a versatile and dynamic professional, enthusiastic about contributing to the success of visionary projects and driving innovation within your esteemed organization.


WORK & LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
February 2022 – February 2023                    	                       Accenture Technology                                     	             Atlanta, GA

Salesforce Admin Intern
A 12-month internship as a Salesforce specialist with a track record of over-delivering on project goals, driving user satisfaction and adoption through high-quality content, and implementing effective data management practices to inform data-driven business decisions.

●	Collaborated with cross-functional teams of developers, engineers, and project managers to resolve complex technical issues related to a Salesforce CDP implementation project, resulting in a 200% over-delivery of project deliverables.
●	Received recognition from team lead for analytical skills and proficiency in Salesforce CDP. Created high-quality content to effectively communicate best practices to users and encouraged adoption of Salesforce through regular training and support. Solicited feedback from clients, leading to a 30% increase in user satisfaction and adoption of Salesforce. 
●	Established daily, weekly, and monthly data management practices to ensure data was regularly maintained and updated, enabling the Salesforce platform to meet business objectives more effectively. Created custom reports and dashboards to track key metrics and KPIs, using data to inform business decisions and drive growth.
●	Collaborated with clients, partners, team lead, database engineers, data analysts, and change management to ensure successful adoption of the Salesforce platform and maintain data quality. Conducted thorough data analysis to identify and resolve inconsistencies or errors, implementing comprehensive data management practices resulting in more accurate reporting and better business outcomes. 
●	Evaluated new Salesforce Beta's, releases, and applications and participated in plans for their customer data platform (CDP) implementation, staying up to date with Salesforce administration best practices. Developed a deep understanding of the Salesforce platform, including its key features and capabilities, and identified opportunities for improvement and optimization.


   
January 2016 -November 2021                                          Encompass Home Health                                    	          Augusta, GA

Certified Occupational Therapy Assistant
Experienced Certified Occupational Therapist Assistant (COTA)/Community Support Specialist with a proven track record of maintaining accurate and secure health information, utilizing electronic health records proficiently, and demonstrating exceptional attention to detail and adaptability.

●	Communicated effectively with interdisciplinary team via phone, email, and virtual interface, setting goals, making decisions, and sharing resources and responsibilities to improve rehabilitative patient outcomes. 
●	Maintained productivity at or above 90%, ensuring complete and accurate point-of-service documentation in the home, demonstrating exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail.
●	Took initiative in assisting therapists with locating and utilizing community resources aimed at improving quality performance measures. Created a thorough document for all rehabilitation clinicians to refer to, seeking input from social work to improve resource utilization. 
●	Established rapport with clients and skillfully engaged them in therapeutic activities, carefully reassessing needs and adjusting goals as necessary, resulting in a 30% improvement in patient satisfaction scores.
●	Regularly evaluated and maintained medical records using software such as Casamba and Pointcare to detail treatment effects, resulting in a 25% reduction in errors and inaccuracies in medical records.


September 2011- September 2017                                US Army: 5010th United States Hospital                       Fort Gordon, GA

EMT Technician/ Family Readiness Group Specialist 
Experienced and security-cleared professional excelling as a Basic Life Support (BLS) instructor, achieving a 98% trainee pass rate and 20% higher student satisfaction, while also demonstrating exceptional leadership and adaptability during the Warrior Leadership Course (WLC) and implementing technology-driven solutions for improved team engagement and communication.

●	Served as a Basic Life Support (BLS) instructor, teaching and mentoring students in life-saving techniques, resulting in a high pass rate of 98% among trainees and a 20% increase in overall student satisfaction
●	Achieved high scores in the Warrior Leadership Course (WLC) earning placement on the Commandant’s list, and demonstrating exceptional leadership, adaptability, and high-performance under stress. 
●	Implemented technology-based solutions to improve team participation and communication, resulting in 30% increase in employee engagement and a 25% increase in team meeting attendance.
●	Assisted senior NCO in organizing and executing company-level best warrior event, coordinating logistics, identifying skills, and tasks, resulting in a successful event. 
●	Served as the Family Readiness (FRG) spokesperson, communicating critical concerns and feedback from military family members to the unity commander, resulting in more effective communication and improved family satisfaction.
 
ACTIVITIES & HONORS
Stand Down for Homeless Veterans Homeless Program Service, 2019 • National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) • 
